I bought this as a gift to a friend and here is his review:

I have returned this product when I learned that I can only manually pick songs if I have Amazon Music. This product is supposed to make one feel easy, but I had an unpleasant experience telling Alexa to play specific songs. The app does not provide an interface for one to select a song.

I an switching to a Google Nest & urge you readers to do so. The app is barely functional & Alexa has a lot of bugs. You have lost a client & potential purchases when people read the truth, Amazon.
It's a touch smaller than I thought. Sound is great on the new fourth Gen echo. Response is faster than the previous Gen's. The lights on the bottom reflects light on the surface well. I wouldn't say it's absolutely worth upgrading, if it's not necessary. It does the same thing as the 3rd gen, sound is a touch better than the 3rd gen, despite a few seconds faster in response time, I wouldn't suggest running out to upgrade. It is great for people who don't have one, or those who collect these devices.
The Alexa works well; great for calling out items to put on the grocery or shopping list when you are in the middle of cooking, cleaning, etc. Plays music while I’m cooking. Overall very fun and useful. However, the Sengled lights are pathetic. I have to reset them about once a week. And half the time Alexa doesn’t recognize the devices. Get the Alexa, but get different lights for it to control.
The light bulb with the echo is so much fun to use. Easy to set up easy to use. Great quality on both products. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you
Finally the Echo Dot has been given a make-over. Just a bit smaller than what was expected. Same features as previous ones but faster and better sounding. Do you really need it? Why not! Perhaps should have spent more for the next model with all the trimmings but save that for another day.
Bought two of these to replace 3rd gen, and the power adaper is huge on these and I don't have the outlet space. Also, the cord and adapter are white which makes the cord super obvious on a black echo dot. Its insane. Much preferred the USB.

EDIT: Amazon contacted me about this review--not to try and make it right, not to apologize or anything, just to let me know that they received the review... Gee... Thanks?
Got so tired of the every other day loss of connection and the fight to get it to reconnect that iv unplugged it and thrown it out.
Do not buy one of these. Get Google. It has to be better then this crappy junk
I can't believe the sound, when playing music! I have a really good speaker that I plugged into Alexa. I unplugged it
because the new generation speakers were better! You have to remember to say "Alexa" 
first to get it to work. I even put the echo dot. in my bathroom so I could hear music and 
just relaxed and all sounds beyond the closed door weren't heard!!! They do so much! I bought the echo with the clock - it's the only clock in my bedroom! You can get alarm set that have a 10 min. etc. snooze, too! Alexa uses my name, through voice recognition, when she answers me. So much more to learn about!!! I don't use my own music equipment any more. I now own 4 - 2 round, one dot and the echo show, they'll even make phone calls for you and the Echo Show can be used like Skype or Cisco!

Already having a couple third gen Echo dots, I thought I would buy the 4th gen for a larger room, hoping the different speaker orientation would do a better job of filling the space. I hear no audio difference. I find that the microphone placement must be different, as the 4th gen sometimes takes a couple times before it acknowledges my requests and commands, whereas I have no problems at all with the third gens and the flex that I previously owned.
The other thing to note, is that the Twilight blue, I purchased thinking it would be more on the grey end of blue, it is not. It is a baby boy nursery light blue.
I upgraded from a google home mini to this one and I am happy with my purchase. I got to test drive it all weekend, only one hiccup, the second day when I spoke to it, Hey Alexa, the blue lights just kept going round and round and it would not respond to me. I unplugged it for a few minutes and then it responded to me no problem. I connected to my ecobee thermostat and it responded to turn on air conditioning. I am waiting for the smart light bulb to arrive to play with that. Otherwise, I am happy I got it on sale when I did and happy with my purchase.
I live in a small 1 bedroom apartment, and i keep Alexa in the living room, so that i can make commands from the kitchen as well as the bedroom. I'm sorry, Alexa... but Google has RARELY made me repeat my commands more than once. You make me repeat more than twice every single day, just to turn on/off my lights!
I can't seem to ask you a simple question without getting answers that have absolutely nothing to do with what I asked you. I also don't trust your timer when I cook, because even when I say "Alexa, stop timer" you never hear me :(
When you play music for me, you do sound very clear and high quality. More so than my old google home mini, i think. But sometimes, when you play the wrong song I asked, you don't hear me tell you to stop the song, and I have to ask you repeatedly once again.
Im not sure if you're just messing with me... or if you're not always like this. But it's been months, and I think I'm a bit tired. I miss my Google Assistant. Unfortunately, it's time to say goodbye. I'm sorry Alexa.
Got this for an elderly man with an accent and it didn't live up to expectations. It worked fine if it was nearby the man. However if he was more than a meter away, the voice recognition didn't work very well. Can chalk that in part to his accent and the normal volume of his voice, but I saw people saying it would pick up a command from another room so I expected better performance.

Homelink currently being unavailable in Canada was also a disappointment.
An attractive and compact unit that is far more useful and responsive than anticipated, especially when you consider the low price. And I have not even begun to set up the features that allow me to lock doors and extinguish lights.

This unit does not have a built-in speaker (which I heard is tinny) so I paired mine with a Bose and the sound now is fantastic.

I like this unit so much that I am now in the market for another for our downstairs area.
Would recommend. But if you choose the option to receive a free bulb with it. DONT! I was excited to get my echo dot and bulb. Only to find out a few days later I had a mysterious charge to my credit card. I didn’t order anything for the amount that was taken. I emailed Amazon. And they has told me that the lightbulb was the cost that was taken. I emailed back and said I had the free bulb option and was ignored. I replied to the email. Nothing. I wrote a new email stating that it was free. Was told I would hear back from Amazon within 12 hours. Nothing. It’s been a week and no response. BE CAREFUL WHEN ORDERING!!
It most certainly makes things so much easier when my hand are full, or if im in a rush. I often forget how much information I can access with just voice commands. I can't believe it has taken me this long to try one, but now that I have had it around a month, I can't see myself without it. Setting alarms, planning my day, planning days or weeks ahead, checking weather, controlling my lights and other blutooth devices, listening to music, even checking grocery store item prices and hours for stores... so many small things we take for granted. The price of this thing is an absolute steal. 5/5 no question.

The first home assistant I tried was the Echo Dot (3rd generation). I am hearing impaired and found there was too much bass and Alexa’s voice sounded muffled and unclear to me. I tried adjusting the bass, but it didn’t help. I then ordered Google Nest Mini. The sound was much better, I could change the assistant’s voice from female to male, which helped greatly, but there were some huge gaps in the services offered. For example, I could not connect my Gmail accounts to the Google Nest Mini. You read that right, I couldn’t connect my Google accounts to a Google device. The Google Nest Mini gave new meaning to proprietary, as it would not sync with Apple Music or any other music service other than Google Music. The sound was good, but the fact I could not seamlessly sync it with my Google accounts was a game changer for me. Back to to Amazon Echo Dot. I then ordered the Echo Dot 4th generation. The sound is outstanding, in my opinion, but Amazon needs to make the male voice available worldwide. From what I have gathered from YouTube videos, there are some regions of the world where you can change the voice from Alexa to Ziggy, but here in Canada, that option does not exist. For me, that would make a huge difference in my ability to understand the assistant. The Echo Dot does sync with my Google Accounts, and with Apple Music. Alexa isn’t as intuitive, in my experience, with requests for information. Also, radio is somewhat limited with Alexa, whereas I found Google’s assistant connected with iHeartRadio. I am still searching for a list of radio stations that Alexa will play for me. I subscribed to SiriusXM radio, which expanded my selection. Overall, I am satisfied with the 4th generation. Google Nest Mini is packaged up ready to be returned. I would recommend the Echo Dot 4th generation.

When you're in chores task. If you add an element to the list it brings you back to the top of the list. And you need to scroll back everytime to write a new one. Choosing between a male or female voice would be nice. But beside those small stuff its great. She does everything you'd thought she do and way more. Highly recommand. I already recommended her to everbody.
Ordered it expecting the sound quality would be better than the 3rd gen. but sorry to say that I am very disappointed as there is no improvement in the sound and the microphone, I would recommend 3rd gen as it has more bass and sounds are deeper.

I would recommend 3gen but not this one.
On top of that I love the hockey puck shape of the third gen.

I have an Apple HomePod mini and liked it's basic features so I thought I would give the echo dot a shot. I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. It connected very quickly, integrated with my other smart speakers easily, and sounds very good. For the price, I would encourage people to buy this over the Apple HomePod mini. It is easier to use, sounds as good as the HomePod mini and costs much less. I now have three of these in the house and would get more.
I've got my home set up with Google smart speakers and wanted to try out Alexa. I found that I need to pause between the 'Alexa' prompt and the command that follows, otherwise the device does not respond. The sound quality is a little less than with Google Nest Mini, in my opinion. The response time is noticeably quicker though with Amazon Echo, so overall, mixed review but satisfied.
personally I prefer a google over Alexa. set up was easy but it tries to push amazon products, like amazon music. which most people use Spotify, google music, or I-tunes. you can add different music streamers onto the deceive but when you ask Alexa to play a song she goes to amazon music instead.

the echo was a really nice twilight blue
delivery was fast
packaging wasn't damaged during delivery
I am very pleased with this Alexa Echo. The voice recognition is amazing and the sound quality is awesome! I bought this because I wanted to try something different rather than buying a new radio. I'm am very glad that I bought this!
It's easy to install and use.

I'd urge everyone to try this out

I had an issue with my Dot 4th gen, but within 20 minutes of creating a review and starting a chat online, I had my issues resolved and a new one is on the way. I was really pleased on how fast Amazon was looking into my issues with both a phone call from .com and my chat with the .ca. Thanks guys, great service as always.

Everything seems okay in this Echo Dot. Only one thing I noticed is that the 3rd gen echo dot is much better than this 4th gen!

My friend has the 3rd gen and I have 4th gen dot. His echo dot works better in many ways. Forexample, that one is much louder. Secondly, even if we whisper from far distance, his dot hears and responds quickly. Whereas, I have to speak by standing really close to this 4th gen dot as it won’t hear if I speak from, say, 5feet! S

Since the wifi is same for both echo dots, we can’t even make an excuse that it might be the connection problem!
Most commands work half the time. It also doesn't work well with spotify basically choosing what i listen to despite trying to change what its playing with voice commands or the spotify app. "ALEXA PLAY NEXT SONG" continues playing the same song, "Alexa Stop" Keeps playing music. I can only start and stop music somtimes and it often tells me it cant do commands that work in the past.